Small language edits Patch 1 (#543)
repository-service-tuf/repository-service-tuf: docs/source/index.rst

=====

* `PackagingCon 2023 <https://cfp.packaging-con.org/2023/talk/997FQK/>`_:

>   “Our stuff” - how to protect users from package compromise with RSTUF (October 2023, coming soon).

Reviewer: Adding the recording that is already available :) 

```suggestion
  `“Our stuff” - how to protect users from package compromise with RSTUF <https://www.youtube.com/live/mYzqeS2d96A?si=cqQUH5J5wDPrOQFb&t=3801>`_.
```

Mentions
========

> * `"Open Source Summit EU 2023: at OpenSSF day Omkhar Arasaratnam, OpenSSF General Manager, mentions
>   Repository Service for TUF" <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WWY6SWaYhxI>`

Reviewer: Nit: link direct to the RSTUF mention.

```suggestion
* `"Open Source Summit EU 2023: at OpenSSF day Omkhar Arasaratnam, OpenSSF General Manager, mentions
  Repository Service for TUF" <https://youtu.be/WWY6SWaYhxI?si=bT34fgeQquWWh8ga>`_
```

>   .. image:: ./_static/images/rstuf_openssf_day_openssf_eu_2023.jpg
>     :width: 200

Reviewer: I think we can remove this image as we have the link to the video.
```suggestion
```
